The Box Model, Block and Inline, Alignment Lessons: Move scrims to Additional Resources (#26062)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/flexbox/flexbox-alignment.md

* [Aligning Items in a Flex Container](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Aligning_Items_in_a_Flex_Container) goes into more depth on the topic of axes and `align-items` vs `justify-content`.
* This [Flexbox Tutorial](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/css-flexbox-tutorial-with-cheatsheet/) from freecodecamp is another decent resource.
* [Flexbox Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YW65K6LcIA) is a nice resource by Traversy Media.

> * Check out [this Scrim](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/justify-content-flexbox-tutorial-cVWPacR) for an interactive demo of how `justify-content` and its different properties behave.
> * [This next Scrim](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/align-items-flexbox-tutorial-cJqymH9) covers the behavior of `align-items`, how to perfectly center an element on a page using flexbox and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more interactive demos, try the [Scrim on the justify-content property](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/justify-content-flexbox-tutorial-cVWPacR) and the [Scrim on the align-items property](https://scrimba.com/learn/flexbox/align-items-flexbox-tutorial-cJqymH9). Note that these Scrims require logging into Scrimba in order to view.
```
